Snakes.
Actually, it asks,
"Weren't they beautiful?"
Wedding gift for Rory?
Too late. They've been defanged.
Guaranteed harmless. And they're for me.
In ancient Egypt, a queen would
perform a ceremony at the tomb of her pharaoh
using snakes, a symbol of undying love.
And you sure about that?
We read that they were a
constant threat to raw in the underworld
and represented total chaos.
Okay, see, that's why
schools need more art and less reading.
You got your wish. We're
leaving. School, pack up your things.
I'm driving you back to school.
Wait, what happened?
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
I will pay for a fleet of
movers to take everything back to Manhattan
except that model. We
need to chop it up and burn it.
Oh, you're calling off the wedding?
What did that cheese ball do now?
It's not Rory.
He's here in the model. I saw him.